README.md, before:

### 👋 **I am Erhan ERTEM**

### Udemy Node.js, Express, MongoDB & More The Complete Bootcamp 2022 by Jonas Schmedtmann

#### **Objective:** Create Natours API

- Establish MVC Architecture

&emsp;

<!-- #### Link to Project &rarr; [Natours-App](https://natours-app-erhan-ertem.heroku.app) -->

#### Project Preview

![Screenshot](screenshot.gif)

---

![JS](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-323330?style=flat&logo=javascript&logoColor=F7DF1E) ![NodeJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-339933?style=flat&logo=nodedotjs&logoColor=white) ![expressJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Express.js-000000?style=flat&logo=express&logoColor=white) ![Postman](https://img.shields.io/badge/Postman-FF6C37?style=flat&logo=Postman&logoColor=white) ![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-4EA94B?style=flat&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white)

<details>
<summary>Installed NPM packages and utilized APIs:</summary>

| Package command       | Package link                               | Description                                                                                           |
| --------------------- | ------------------------------------------ | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| npm i -g nodemon      | https://www.npmjs.com/package/nodemon      | Nodemon is a helper tool for developing Node.js based applications.                                   |
| npm i -g win-node-env | https://www.npmjs.com/package/win-node-env | Run npm scripts on Windows (package.JSON) that set (common) environment variables.                    |
| npm i -g ndb          | https://www.npmjs.com/package/ndb          | An improved debugging experience for Node.js thru ChromeDevTools                                      |
| npm i dotenv          | https://www.npmjs.com/package/dotenv       | Dotenv is a zero-dependency module that loads environment variables from a .env file into process.env |
| npm i express         | https://www.npmjs.com/package/express      | Fast, unopinionated, minimalist web framework for Node.js                                             |
| npm i morgan          | https://www.npmjs.com/package/morgan       | HTTP request logger middleware for node terminal.js                                                   |
| npm i mongoose        | https://www.npmjs.com/package/mongoose     | Mongoose is a MongoDB object modeling tool designed to work in an asynchronous environment.           |
| npm i slugify         | https://www.npmjs.com/package/slugify      | Slugifies the strings                                                                                 |
| npm i validator       | https://www.npmjs.com/package/validator    | A library of string validators and sanitizers                                                         |
| npm i bcryptjs        | https://github.com/dcodeIO/bcrypt.js       | Optimized bcrypt in JavaScript with zero dependencies                                                 |
| npm i jsonwebtoken    | https://www.npmjs.com/package/jsonwebtoken | An implementation of JSON Web Tokens                                                                  |
| npm i nodemailer      | https://nodemailer.com/about/              | Send emails from Node.js                                                                              |

</details>

&emsp;

Commit message:

Install express rate limiter package to cope with DOS and Bruteforce attacks

README.md, after:

### 👋 **I am Erhan ERTEM**

### Udemy Node.js, Express, MongoDB & More The Complete Bootcamp 2022 by Jonas Schmedtmann

#### **Objective:** Create Natours API

- Establish MVC Architecture

&emsp;

<!-- #### Link to Project &rarr; [Natours-App](https://natours-app-erhan-ertem.heroku.app) -->

#### Project Preview

![Screenshot](screenshot.gif)

---

![JS](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-323330?style=flat&logo=javascript&logoColor=F7DF1E) ![NodeJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-339933?style=flat&logo=nodedotjs&logoColor=white) ![expressJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Express.js-000000?style=flat&logo=express&logoColor=white) ![Postman](https://img.shields.io/badge/Postman-FF6C37?style=flat&logo=Postman&logoColor=white) ![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-4EA94B?style=flat&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white)

<details>
<summary>Installed NPM packages and utilized APIs:</summary>

| Package command          | Package link                                     | Description                                                                                           |
| ------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------ | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| npm i -g nodemon         | https://www.npmjs.com/package/nodemon            | Nodemon is a helper tool for developing Node.js based applications.                                   |
| npm i -g win-node-env    | https://www.npmjs.com/package/win-node-env       | Run npm scripts on Windows (package.JSON) that set (common) environment variables.                    |
| npm i -g ndb             | https://www.npmjs.com/package/ndb                | An improved debugging experience for Node.js thru ChromeDevTools                                      |
| npm i dotenv             | https://www.npmjs.com/package/dotenv             | Dotenv is a zero-dependency module that loads environment variables from a .env file into process.env |
| npm i express            | https://www.npmjs.com/package/express            | Fast, unopinionated, minimalist web framework for Node.js                                             |
| npm i morgan             | https://www.npmjs.com/package/morgan             | HTTP request logger middleware for node terminal.js                                                   |
| npm i mongoose           | https://www.npmjs.com/package/mongoose           | Mongoose is a MongoDB object modeling tool designed to work in an asynchronous environment.           |
| npm i slugify            | https://www.npmjs.com/package/slugify            | Slugifies the strings                                                                                 |
| npm i validator          | https://www.npmjs.com/package/validator          | A library of string validators and sanitizers                                                         |
| npm i bcryptjs           | https://github.com/dcodeIO/bcrypt.js             | Optimized bcrypt in JavaScript with zero dependencies                                                 |
| npm i jsonwebtoken       | https://www.npmjs.com/package/jsonwebtoken       | An implementation of JSON Web Tokens                                                                  |
| npm i nodemailer         | https://nodemailer.com/about/                    | Send emails from Node.js                                                                              |
| npm i express-rate-limit | https://www.npmjs.com/package/express-rate-limit | Basic rate-limiting middleware for Express.                                                           |

</details>

&emsp;
